Grammar + Type in syncing-overview.md for docs (#1333)
google/santa: docs/introduction/syncing-overview.md

1.  When the santad process starts up, it looks for a `SyncBaseURL` key/value in
    the config. If one exists it will `fork()` and `execve()` `santactl sync
    —-daemon`. All privileges are dropped before the new process calls `execve()`.
    All privileged actions are then restricted to the XPC interface
    made available to santactl by santad. Since this santactl process is running
    as a daemon it too exports an XPC interface so santad can interact with the
    process efficiently and securely. To ensure syncing reliability santad will
    restart the santactl daemon if it is killed or crashes.

> 3.  The santactl daemon process now schedules a full sync for 15 sec in the

Reviewer: This renumbering is incorrect - 2 is missing.

Author: fixed instead of it going 1-3-4-5-6 it is not 1-2-3-4-5

    future. The 15 sec is used to let santad settle before santactl starts
    sending rules from the sync server to process.
4.  The full sync starts. There are a number of stages to a full sync:
    1.  preflight: The sync server can set various settings for Santa.
    2.  eventupload (optional): If Santa has generated events, it will upload
        them to the sync-server.
    3.  ruledownload: Download rules from the sync server.
    4.  postflight: Updates timestamps for successful syncs.
5.  After the full sync completes a new full sync will be scheduled, by default
    this will be 10min. However there are a few ways to manipulate this:
    1.  The sync server can send down a configuration in the preflight to
        override the 10min interval. It can be anything greater than 10min.
    2.  Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) can be used*. The sync server can send
        down a configuration in the preflight to have the santactl daemon to
        start listening for FCM messages. If a connection to FCM is made, the

>         full sync interval drops to a default of 4 hours. A preflight configuration can further configure this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        full sync interval drops to a default of 4 hours. A preflight configuration can override this.
```

        The FCM connection allows the

>         sync-sever to talk directly with Santa. This way we, can reduce polling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        sync-sever to talk directly with Santa. This way we can reduce polling
```
